----
GIT:
----

Ruined the repository with git development branch. Try to add things, not remove
everything else! Though using git wasn't expected of you. This is good to know
for future reference. Since git was a after-thought in this case, this is just a fyi.

-------
Python:
-------

Try to add a virtual environment, or at least a requirements.txt file to enable
quick install of required packages:

Virtual Environment:

        python -m venv .venv

Activate virtual environment

        soruce .venv/bin/activate
        
Install python packages in the virtual environment

        python -m pip install <package name>

Install packages in requirements.txt

        python -m pip install -r requirements.txt

Deactiavte virtual environment

        deactivate

Required Packages:

* pandas
* PyQt5
* pyvistaqt
* nibabel
* scipy
* scikit-learn
* tqdm
* imageio

-----
BUGS:
-----

When plotting, and trying to interact with the window in Linux, the OS will
think pyqt_launcher.py has stopped responding and will prompt if one wishes to
kill the application or wait. And if clicked "wait", the prompt will pop up
again in a couple of seconds. This keeps up until the rendering is actually
done.

Dendrogram doesn't seem to look correct.

When plotting the dendrogram, the program is slow to respond and in Linux, the
"is not responding" window pops up again.

-----------------------------
What I have done to the repo:
-----------------------------

* added virtual environment .venv for easy deployment
* added requirements.txt to easily install all required python packages in one command
* removed some clutter (unused files)
* moved test data to a separate folder and .gitignored. This is really important. 
* updated readme.md file to conform to typical repo readme files. Generally
  pretty good written, introduction/requirements needed some additions in
  details on how to get it running.
* refactored the code (!). In the process changed/added some things:
        - added back endpoint size 
        - changed a bit how the fine-tuning is done
        - fixed "waiting, not responding" bug
        - removed "save all gifs" functionality, because its not necessary so didn't bother refactoring that bit.

---------
The Code:
---------

Generally everything seems to work fine (with the exception of dendrogram
plotting). This is very commendable given the time and prior experience you've
had. 

The structure of the code however leaves a lot the be desired. A monolithic code
(everything in one single file) may seem convenient at first, but quickly gets
overwhelming as features grow. This is specially true in collaborative efforts
where more than 1 developer works with the code.

For a monolithic class, you have sub-divided and commented the code (sorted and
organized related functions together in snippets) rather well, but that is just
about as good of things I can say to the code structure. 

It took me a whole hour to get through and understand the code (and not in
detail). For a single file of ~4500lines of code, that tells me this code needs
refactoring if anyone (including myself) would have a chance at
maintaining/developing this in the future. 

Note that I didn't expect perfectly structured code in the beginning, and
understand that refactoring this project may be beyond the time you have left,
and because I wish this work to be useful to myself, and hopefully other
researchers in the future, I have taken the liberty of refactoring this code for
you. Mind you this is not a trivial task, and it took almost 8 hours of full
concentration programming time on my part to do this. For context this is more
programming than I had to do the past month in total. The reason I say this is
not that I mind it (rather I found it enjoyable and appreciate the time you've
spent implementing all these features), but rather for you to know the hidden
costs of "not doing something properly" in the beginning. I am fully aware that
it is difficult to "waste" time on refactoring/restructuring the code instead of
implementing something new. But keep in mind that messy code compound on itself,
and someone, sooner or later, have to pay for it. Messy code comes to a point
where it simply is easier to re-write everything from scratch. This wasn't it,
but close. I wish you to look through the refactored code, and understand it's
structure. Three things to take note that might seem downsides at first:

1. Overall, the number of lines of code has increased compared to before. This
is unavoidable with refactoring. 

2. Logic pathways is more indirect and more often than not spans more than 1
file/class (oftentimes many more). This is also unavoidable.

3. You might not agree with the exact logic in the refactoring, but that
secondary. As long as one can easily understand (not necessarily agree with) the
logic behind the refactoring and use it to locate relevant code is the important
part. 

With that I wish you (if you have time to spare that is) to locate the
code relevant to dendrogram plotting, and fix it (I have changed this a bit, but
not actually fixed it completely).


